black-album, 1, Enter Sandman, "Say your prayers little one Don't forget my son To include everyone Tuck you in warm within Keep you free from sin Till the sandman he comes Sleep with one eye open Gripping your pillow tight Exit light Enter night Take my hand Off to never never land Something's wrong shut the light Heavy thoughts tonight And they aren't of snow white Dreams of war dreams of liars Dreams of dragon's fire And of things that will bite Sleep with one eye open Gripping your pillow tight Exit light Enter night Take my hand Off to never never land Now I lay me down to sleep Pray the lord my soul to keep If I die before I wake Pray the lord my soul to take Hush little baby don't say a word And never mind that noise you heard It's just the beast under your bed In your closet in your head Exit light Enter night Grain of sand Exit light Enter night Take my hand Off to never never land"
black-album, 2, Sad But True, "Hey I'm your life I'm the one who takes you there Hey I'm your life I'm the one who cares They They betray I'm your only true friend now They They'll betray I'm forever there I'm your dream make you real I'm your eyes when you must steal I'm your pain when you can't feel Sad but true I'm your dream mind astray I'm your eyes while you're away I'm your pain while you repay You know it's sad but true Sad but true You You're my mask You're my cover my shelter You You're my mask You're the one who's blamed Do Do my work Do my dirty work scapegoat Do Do my deeds For you're the one who's shamed I'm your dream make you real I'm your eyes when you must steal I'm your pain when you can't feel Sad but true I'm your dream mind astray I'm your eyes while you're away I'm your pain while you repay You know it's sad but true Sad but true I'm your dream I'm your eyes I'm your pain You know it's sad but true Hate I'm your hate I'm your hate when you want love Pay Pay the price Pay for nothing's fair Hey I'm your life I'm the one who took you there Hey I'm your life And I no longer care I'm your dream make you real I'm your eyes when you must steal I'm your pain when you can't feel Sad but true I'm your truth telling lies I'm your reasoned alibis I'm inside open your eyes I'm you Sad but true"
black-album, 3, Holier Than Thou, "No more! The craps rolls out your mouth again Haven't changed your brain is still gelatin Little whispers circle around your head Why don't you worry about yourself instead Who are you? Where ya been? Where ya from? Gossip is burning on the tip of your tongue You lie so much you believe yourself Judge not lest ye be judged yourself Holier than thou You are Holier than thou You are You know not Before you judge me take a look at you Can't you find something better to do Point the finger slow to understand Arrogance and ignorance go hand in hand It's not who you are it's who you know Others lives are the basis of your own Burn your bridges build them back with wealth Judge not lest ye be judged yourself Holier than thou You are Holier than thou You are You know not"
black-album, 4, The Unforgiven, "New blood joins this earth And quickly he's subdued. Through constant pained disgrace The young boy learns their rules. With time the child draws in. This whipping boy done wrong. Deprived of all his thoughts The young man struggles on and on. He's known a vow unto his own That never from this day His will they'll take away. What I've felt What I've known Never shined through in what I've shown. Never be. Never see. Won't see what might have been. What I've felt What I've known Never shined through in what I've shown. Never free. Never me. So I dub thee unforgiven. They dedicate their lives To running all of his. He tries to please them all – This bitter man he is. Throughout his life the same – He's battled constantly. This fight he cannot win – A tired man they see no longer cares. The old man then prepares To die regretfully – That old man here is me. What I've felt What I've known Never shined through in what I've shown. Never be. Never see. Won't see what might have been. What I've felt What I've known Never shined through in what I've shown. Never free. Never me. So I dub thee unforgiven. What I've felt What I've known Never shined through in what I've shown. Never be. Never see. Won't see what might have been. What I've felt What I've known Never shined through in what I've shown. Never free. Never me. So I dub thee unforgiven. Never free. Never me. So I dub thee unforgiven. You labelled me I'll label you. So I dub thee unforgiven. Never free. Never me. So I dub thee unforgiven. You labelled me I'll label you. So I dub thee unforgiven. Never free. Never me. So I dub thee unforgiven."
black-album, 5, Wherever I May Roam, "(...and the road becomes my bride)⟓ ...and the road becomes my bride I have stripped of all but pride So in her I do confide And she keeps me satisfied Gives me all I need ...and with dust in throat I crave Only knowledge will I save To the game you stay a slave Rover wanderer Nomad vagabond Call me what you will But I'll take my time anywhere Free to speak my mind anywhere And I'll redefine anywhere Anywhere I may roam Where I lay my head is home (...and the Earth becomes my throne) ...and the Earth becomes my throne I adapt to the unknown Under wandering stars I've grown By myself but not alone I ask no one ...and my ties are severed clean The less I have the more I gain Off the beaten path I reign Rover wanderer Nomad vagabond Call me what you will But I'll take my time anywhere I'm free to speak my mind anywhere And I'll never mind anywhere Anywhere I may roam Where I lay my head is home But I'll take my time anywhere I'm free to speak my mind anywhere And I'll never mind anywhere Anywhere I may roam Where I lay my head is home that's right But I'll take my time anywhere I'm free to speak my mind And I'll take my find anywhere Anywhere I may roam Where I lay my head is home Carved upon my stone My body lie but still I roam Wherever I may roam Wherever I may roam Wherever I may roam yeah Wherever I may wander wander wander Wherever I may roam Yeah yeah! Wherever I may roam Yeah yeah! Wherever I may roam Wherever I may roam Wherever I may roam…"
black-album, 6, Don't Tread On Me, "Liberty or death what we so proudly hail Once you provoke her rattling of her tail Never begins it never but once engaged... Never surrenders showing the fangs of rage Don't tread on me So be it Threaten no more To secure peace is to prepare for war So be it Settle the score Touch me again for the words that you'll hear evermore... Don't tread on me Love it or live it she with the deadly bite Quick is the blue tongue forked as lighting strike Shining with brightness always on surveillance The eyes they never close emblem of vigilance Don't tread on me So be it Threaten no more To secure peace is to prepare for war So be it Settle the score Touch me again for the words that you'll hear evermore... Don't tread on me So be it Threaten no more To secure peace is to prepare for war Liberty or death what we so proudly hail Once you provoke her rattling on her tail So be it Threaten no more To secure peace is to prepare for war So be it Settle the score Touch me again for the words that you'll hear evermore... Don't tread on me"
black-album, 7, Through The Never, "All that is was and will be Universe much too big to see Time and space never ending Disturbing thoughts questions pending Limitations of human understanding Too quick to criticize Obligation to survive We hunger to be alive All that is ever Ever was Will be ever Twisting Turning Through the never In the dark see past our eyes Pursuit of truth no matter where it lies Gazing up to the breeze of the heavens On a quest meaning reason Came to be how it begun All alone in the family of the sun Curiosity teasing everyone On our home third stone from the sun All that is ever Ever was Will be ever Twisting Turning Through the never On through the never We must go On through the never Out of the Edge of forever We must go On through the never Then ever comes All that is ever Ever was Will be ever Who we are Ask forever Twisting Turning Through the never Never"
black-album, 8, Nothing Else Matters, "So close no matter how far Couldn't be much more from the heart Forever trusting who we are And nothing else matters Never opened myself this way Life is ours we live it our way All these words I don't just say And nothing else matters Trust I seek and I find in you Every day for us something new Open mind for a different view And nothing else matters Never cared for what they do Never cared for what they know But I know So close no matter how far Couldn't be much more from the heart Forever trusting who we are And nothing else matters Never cared for what they do Never cared for what they know But I know Never opened myself this way Life is ours we live it our way All these words I don't just say And nothing else matters Trust I seek and I find in you Every day for us something new Open mind for a different view And nothing else matters Never cared for what they say Never cared for games they play Never cared for what they do Never cared for what they know And I know So close no matter how far Couldn't be much more from the heart Forever trusting who we are No nothing else matters"
black-album, 9, Of Wolf And Man, "Off through the new day's mist I run Off from the new day's mist I have come I hunt Therefore I am Harvest the land Taking of the fallen lamb Off through the new day's mist I run Off from the new day's mist I have come We shift Pulsing with the earth Company we keep Roaming the land while you sleep Shape shift nose to the wind Shape shift feeling I've been Move swift all senses clean Earth's gift back to the meaning of life Bright is the moon high in starlight Chill is the air cold as steel tonight We shift Call of the wild Fear in your eyes It's later than you realized Shape shift nose to the wind Shape shift feeling I've been Move swift all senses clean Earth's gift back to the meaning of life I feel I change Back to a better day Hair stands on the back of my neck In wildness is the preservation of the world So seek the wolf in thyself Shape shift nose to the wind Shape shift feeling I've been Move swift all senses clean Earth's gift Back to the meaning of wolf and man"
black-album, 10, The God That Failed, "Pride you took Pride you feel Pride that you felt when you'd kneel Not the word Not the love Not what you thought from above It feeds It grows It clouds all that you will know Deceit Deceive Decide just what you believe I see faith in your eyes Never your hear the discouraging lies I hear faith in your cries Broken is the promise betrayal The healing hand held back by the deepened nail Follow the god that failed Find your peace Find your say Find the smooth road in your way Trust you gave A child to save Left you cold and him in grave It feeds It grows It clouds all that you will know Deceit Deceive Decide just what you believe I see faith in your eyes Never you hear the discouraging lies I hear faith in your cries Broken is the promise betrayal The healing hand held back by the deepened nail Follow the god that failed I see faith in your eyes Broken is the promise betrayal The healing hand held back by the deepened nail Follow the god that failed Pride you took Pride you feel Pride that you felt when you'd kneel Trust you gave A child to save Left you cold and him in grave I see faith in your eyes Never you hear the discouraging lies I hear faith in your cries Broken is the promise betrayal The healing hand held back by deepened nail Follow the god that failed"
black-album, 11, My Friend Of Misery, "You just stood there screaming Fearing no one was listening to you They say the empty can rattles the most The sound of your voice must soothe you Hearing only what you want to hear And knowing only what you've heard You you're smothered in tragedy You're out to save the world Misery You insist that the weight of the world Should be on your shoulders Misery There's much more to life than what you see My friend of misery You still stood there screaming No one caring about these words you tell My friend before your voice is gone One man's fun is another's hell These times are sent to try men's souls But something's wrong with all you see You you'll take it on all yourself Remember misery loves company Misery You insist that the weight of the world Should be on your shoulders Misery There's much more to life than what you see My friend of misery You just stood there screaming My friend of misery"
black-album, 12, The Struggle Within, "Reaching out for something you've got to feel While clutching to what you had thought was real Kicking at a dead horse pleases you No way of showing your gratitude So many things you don't want to do What is it? What have you got to lose What the hell What is you think you're gonna find? Hypocrite Boredom sets into the boring mind Struggle within it suits you fine Struggle within your ruin Struggle within you seal your own coffin Struggle within the struggling within Home is not a home it becomes a hell Turning it into your prison cell Advantages are taken not handed out While you struggle inside your hell Reaching out Grabbing for something you've got to feel Closing in The pressure upon you is so real Struggle within it suits you fine Struggle within your ruin Struggle within you seal your own coffin Struggle within the struggling within Reaching out for something you've got to feel While clutching to what you had thought was real What the hell What is you think you're gonna find Hypocrite Boredom sets into the boring mind Struggle within it suits you fine Struggle within your ruin Struggle within you seal your own coffin Struggle within the struggling within"
