load, 1, Ain't My Bitch, "Outta my way Outta my day Out of your mind and into mine Into no one Into not one Into your step but out of time Headstrong What's wrong? I've already heard this song before You arrived but now it's time to kiss your ass goodbye Dragging me down Why you around? So useless It ain't my fall It ain't my call It ain't my bitch It ain't my bitch Down on the sun Down and no fun Down and out where the hell you been? Damn it all down Damn it unbound Damn it all down to hell again Stand tall Can't fall Never even bend at all before You arrived but now it's time to kiss your ass goodbye Dragging me down Why you around? So useless It ain't my fall It ain't my call It ain't my bitch Outta my way Outta my way Outta my day Out of your mind and into mine Into no one Into not one Into your step but out of time Headstrong What's wrong? I've already heard this song before You arrived but now it's time to kiss your ass goodbye And now it's time to kiss your ass goodbye Dragging me down Why you around? So useless It ain't my fall It ain't my call It ain't my bitch No way but down Why you're around? No fooling It ain't my smile It ain't my style It ain't my bitch Oh it ain't mine Ain't mine Your kind You're stepping out of time Ain't mine Your kind You're stepping out of time Taking me down Why you around? No fooling It ain't my fall It ain't my call It ain't my bitch You ain't mine"
load, 2, 2 x 4, "I'm gonna make you shake you take you I'm gonna be the one who breaks you Put the screws to you yeah my way Yeah come on and come on come and make my day Make my day Got some hell to pay I steal your thunder The joy of violent movement pulls you under Bite the bullet well hard Yeah but I die harder so go too far Too far Friction fusion retribution I can't hear you talk to me I can't hear you. So talk to me I can't hear you. Are you talking to me? I can't hear you. Are you talking to me? I can't hear you. Time to meet my lord I can't hear you talk to two by four I'm gonna make you shake you take you I'm gonna be the one who breaks you Put the screws to you my way Hey come on and come on come and make my day Make my day Friction fusion retribution I can't hear you talk to me I can't hear you. Come talk to me I can't hear you. Are you talking to me? I can't hear you. Are you talking to me? I can't hear you. Time to meet my lord I can't hear you talk to two by four Talk to two by four It don't take no more Friction fusion retribution I'm gonna make you talk to me I'm gonna trick you. So talk to me I can't hear you. Are you talking to me? I can't hear you. You talking to me? I can't hear you. Time to meet my lord I can't hear you talk to two by four She don't take no more"
load, 3, The House Jack Built, "Open door so I walk inside Close my eyes find my place to hide And I shake as I take it in Let the show begin Open my eyes just to have them close again Well on my way but on my way to where I've been It swallows me as it takes me in its fog I twist away as I give this world the nod Open door so I walk inside Close my eyes find my place to hide And I shake as I take it in Let the show begin Open my eyes just to have them closed once again Don't want control As it takes me down and down and down again Is that the moon or just a light that lights this dead-end street? Is that you there or just another demon that I meet? The higher you are The farther you fall The longer the walk The farther you crawl My body my temple This temple it tilts Step into the house that Jack built The higher you are The farther you fall The longer the walk The farther you crawl My body my temple This temple it tilts Yes this is the house that Jack built Open door yes I walk inside Swallow me so the pain subsides And I shake as I take the sin Let the show begin Let the show begin Let the show begin The higher you are The farther you fall The longer the walk The farther you crawl My body my temple This temple it tilts Yes this is the house that Jack built The higher you are The farther you fall The longer the walk The farther you crawl My body my temple This temple it tilts Yes I am I am I am Open my eyes It swallows me Is that you there I twist away Away Away Away"
load, 4, Until It Sleeps, "Where do I take this pain of mine? I run but it stays right by my side So tear me open pour me out There's things inside that scream and shout And the pain still hates me So hold me until it sleeps Just like the curse just like the stray You feed it once and now it stays Now it stays So tear me open but beware There's things inside without a care And the dirt still stains me So wash me until I'm clean It grips you so hold me It stains you so hold me It hates you so hold me It holds you so hold me Until it sleeps (until it sleeps until it sleeps) So tell me why you've chosen me Don't want your grip Don't want your greed Don't want it I'll tear me open make you gone No more can you hurt anyone And the fear still shakes me So hold me until it sleeps It grips you so hold me It stains you so hold me It hates you so hold me It holds you holds you holds you Until it sleeps I don't want it So tear me open but beware There's things inside without a care And the dirt still stains me So wash me 'til clean I'll tear me open make you gone No longer will you hurt anyone And the hate still shapes me So hold me until it sleeps Until it sleeps"
load, 5, King Nothing, "Wish I may wish I might Have this I wish tonight Are you satisfied? Dig for gold dig for fame You dig to make your name Are you pacified? All the wants you waste All the things you've chased And it all crashes down And you break your crown And you point your finger But there's no one around Just want one thing Just to play the king But the castle's crumbled And you're left with just a name Where's your crown King Nothing? Where's your crown? Hot and cold bought and sold A heart as hard as gold Are you satisfied? Wish I might wish I may You wish your life away Are you pacified? All the wants you waste All the things you've chased Then it all crashes down And you break your crown And you point your finger But there's no one around Just want one thing Just to play the king But the castle's crumbled And you're left with just a name Where's your crown King Nothing? Yeah nothing. Oh where's your crown? I wish I may I wish I might Have this wish I wish tonight I want that star I want it now I want it all and I don't care how Careful what you wish Careful what you say Careful what you wish you may regret it Careful what you wish you just might get it Then it all crashes down And you break your crown And you point your finger But there's no one around Just want one thing Just to play the king But the castle's crumbled And you're left with just a name Where's your crown King Nothing? Nothing No you're just nothing Where's your crown King Nothing? No you're just nothing Absolutely nothing Off to Never-Never land"
load, 6, Hero Of The Day, "Mama they try and break me The window burns to light the way back home A light that warms no matter where they've gone They're off to find the hero of the day But what if they should fall by someone's wicked way? Still the window burns Time so slowly turns And someone there is sighing Keepers of the flames Do you feel your name? Did you hear your babies crying? Mama they try and break me Still they try and break me Excuse me while I tend to how I feel These things return to me that still seem real Now deservingly this easy chair But the rocking stopped by wheels of despair Don't want your aid But the fist I make For years can't hold or feel No I'm not all me So please excuse me while I tend to how I feel But now the dreams and waking screams That ever last the night So build the wall behind it crawl And hide until it's light So can you hear your babies crying now? Still the window burns Time so slowly turns And someone there is sighing Keepers of the flames Did you feel your names? Did you hear your babies crying? But now the dreams and waking screams That ever last the night So build a wall behind it crawl And hide until it's light So can't you hear your babies crying now? Mama they try and break me Mama they try and break me Mama they try and break me Mama they try Mama they try"
load, 7, Bleeding Me, "I'm diggin' my way I'm diggin' my way to something I'm diggin' my way to somethin' better I'm pushin' to stay I'm pushin' to stay with something I'm pushin' to stay with something better I'm sowing the seeds I'm sowing the seeds I've taken I'm sowing the seeds I take for granted This thorn in my side This thorn in my side is from the tree This thorn in my side is from the tree I've planted It tears me and I bleed And I bleed Caught under wheel's roll I take the leech I'm bleeding me Can't stop to save my soul I take the leash that's leading me I'm bleeding me I can't take it Caught under wheel's roll The bleeding of me Of me The bleeding of me Caught under wheel's roll I take the leech I'm bleeding me Can't stop to save my soul I take the leash that's leading me I'm bleeding me I can't take it Caught under wheel's roll The bleeding of me The bleeding of me I am the beast that feeds the feast I am the blood I am release Come make me pure Bleed me a cure I'm caught I'm caught I'm caught under Caught under wheel's roll I take that leech I'm bleeding me Can't stop to save my soul I take the leash that's leading me I'm bleeding me I can't take it I can't take it I can't take it The bleeding of me Come on Bleed me I'm digging my way I'm digging my way to something I'm digging my way to something better I'm pushing to stay I'm pushing to stay with something I'm pushing to stay with something better With something better"
load, 8, Cure, "The man takes another bullet He keeps them all within He must seek no matter how it hurts So don't fool again He thinks the answer's cold and in his hand He takes his medicine The man takes another bullet He's been fooled again Uncross your arms Take and throw them to the cure say I do believe. Uncross your arms now Take them to it say I do believe. I do believe. The lies tempt her and she follows Again she lets him in She must believe to fill the hollow She's been fooled again Uncross your arms Take and throw them to the cure say I do believe. Uncross your arms now Take them to it say I do believe. Yeah I do believe. Betting on the cure It must get better than this Betting on the cure Everyone's got to have the sickness 'Cause everyone seems to need the cure Precious cure Betting on the cure 'Cause it must get better than this Betting on the cure Everyone's got to have the sickness 'Cause everyone seems to need the cure Precious cure I do believe. Betting on the cure It must get better than this Need to feel secure It's got to get better than this It must get better than this Betting on the cure Everyone's got to have the sickness 'Cause everyone seems to need the cure I do believe."
load, 9, Poor Twisted Me, "Oh poor twisted me Oh poor twisted me I feast on sympathy I chew on suffer I chew on agony Swallow whole the pain Oh it's too good to be That all this misery Is just for oh poor twisted me Poor twisted me Poor mistreated me Poor mistreated me I drown without a sea Lungs fill with sorrow Lungs fill with misery Inhaling the deep dark blue Oh woe is me Such a burden to be The poor mistreated me To finally reach the shore survive the storm Now you're bare and cold the sea was warm So warm you bathe your soul again Baby again and again and again You finally reached the shore survived the storm Now you're bare and cold the sea was warm So warm you bathe your soul again Good to feel my friend Oh woe is me Such a burden to be Oh poor twisted me Yo poor twisted me"
load, 10, Wasting My Hate, "Good day. How do? And I send a smile to you Don't waste waste your breath And I won't waste my hate on you Ain't gonna waste my hate Ain't gonna waste my hate on you I think I'll keep it for myself Ain't gonna give no more Ain't got the time to help you score I think it's time you pleased yourself Yourself Good day. How do? And I send a smile to you Don't waste waste your breath And I won't waste my hate on you Waste my hate on you Hate You think you're worthy now? You think enough to even raise the brow And to laugh and tip that two-pronged crown? Well I see my hands I see my feet I feel that blood that pumps in beat But where the hell's my mind going now? Dead gone now Good day. How do? And I send a smile to you Don't waste waste your breath And I won't waste my hate on you Waste my hate on you Think I'll keep it for myself Hate Ain't gonna waste my hate But I'm so greedy when they say Better to give than to receive Ain't gonna waste my hate no no Ain't got time to waste my hate on you I think I'll keep it all for myself For myself Good day. How do? And I send a smile to you Don't waste waste your breath And I won't waste my hate on you Waste my hate on you Think I'll keep it for myself yeah! Uh hate"
load, 11, Mama Said, "Mama she has taught me well Told me when I was young Son your life's an open book. Don't close it 'fore it's done. The brightest flame burns quickest. That's what I heard her say A son's heart's owed to mother But I must find my way Let my heart go Let your son grow Mama let my heart go Or let this heart be still Rebel my new last name Wild blood in my veins Apron strings around my neck The mark that still remains I left home at an early age Of what I heard was wrong I never asked forgiveness But what is said is done Let my heart go Let your son grow Mama let my heart go Or let this heart be still Never I ask of you But never I gave But you gave me your emptiness I now take to my grave Never I ask of you But never I gave But you gave me your emptiness I now take to my grave So let this heart be still Mama now I'm coming home I'm not all you wished of me A mother's love for her son Unspoken help me be I took your love for granted And all the things you said to me I need your arms to welcome me But a cold stone's all I see Let my heart go Let your son grow Mama let my heart go Or let this heart be still Let my heart go Mama let my heart go You never let my heart go So let this heart be still Never I ask of you But never I gave But you gave me your emptiness I now take to my grave Never I ask of you But never I gave But you gave me your emptiness I now take to my grave So let this heart be still"
load, 12, Thorn Within, "Forgive me Father for I have sinned Find me guilty of the life I feel within When I'm branded This mark of shame Should I look down disgraced Or straight ahead and know that you must blame? I am the secret I am the sin I am the guilty And I am I am the thorn within Forgive me Father for I have sinned Find me guilty when true guilt is from within So point your fingers Point right at me For I am shadows and will follow you. One and the same are we I am the secret I am the sin I am the guilty And I am I am the thorn within I do your time I take your fall I'm branded guilty for us all So point your fingers Point right at me For I am shadows and will follow you. One and the same are we I am your secrets I am your sin I am your guilty And I am I am the thorn within I am the thorn within I am the thorn within"
load, 13, Ronnie, "Story starts quiet town Small-town boy big-time frown Never talks never plays Different path lost his way Then streets of red... red I'm afraid... There's no confetti no parade Nothing happens in this boring place But oh my God how it all did change Now they all pray Blood stain wash away. He said Lost my way This bloody day Lost my way. I heard it He said Lost my way This bloody day Lost my way. Oh please wash away But blood stained the sun red today I always said something's wrong With little strange Ronnie Long Never laughed never smiled Talked alone for miles and miles and miles Gallows calls son I say Keep your smile and laugh all day Think once again in this boring place For little boys how they soon change And they all pray Blood stain wash away. He said I lost my way This bloody day Lost my way. I heard it He said I lost my way This bloody day I lost my way. Oh please wash away But blood stained the sun red today Well all the green things died when Ronnie moved to this place He said Don't you dare ask why I'm cursed to wear this face. Now we all know why the children called him Ronnie Frown When he pulled that gun from his pocket they all fall down down down He said Lost my way This bloody day Lost my way. Yeah yeah I heard it He screamed Lost my way This bloody day Lost my way. Oh please wash away But blood stained the sun red today All things wash away And they all fall down But blood stained the sun today All things wash away And they all fall down But blood stained the sun today"
load, 14, The Outlaw Torn, "And now I wait my whole lifetime for you And now I wait my whole lifetime for you I ride the dirt I ride the tide for you I search the outside search inside for you To take back what you left me I know I'll always burn to be The one who seeks so I may find And now I wait my whole lifetime Outlaw of torn Outlaw of torn And I'm torn So on I wait my whole lifetime for you So on I wait my whole lifetime for you The more I search the more my need for you The more I bless the more I bleed for you You make me smash the clock and feel I'd rather die behind the wheel Time was never on my side So on I wait my whole lifetime Outlaw of torn Outlaw of torn Outlaw of torn And I'm torn Hear me And if I close my mind in fear Please pry it open See me And if my face becomes sincere Beware Hold me And when I start to come undone Stitch me together Save me And when you see me strut Remind me of what left this outlaw torn"
