reload, 1, Fuel, "Gimme fuel Gimme fire Gimme that which I desire Ooh! Turn on I see red Adrenaline crash and crack my head Nitro junkie paint me dead And I see red A hundred plus through black and white War horse warhead Fuck 'em man white knuckle tight Through black and white Oh on I burn Fuel is pumping engines Burning hard loose and clean And I burn Turning my direction Quench my thirst with gasoline So gimme fuel Gimme fire Gimme that which I desire Hey Turn on beyond the bone Swallow future spit out home Burn your face upon the chrome Yeah! Take the corner join the crash Headlights headlines Another junkie lives too fast Yeah lives way too fast fast fast oh-aye Oh on I burn Fuel is pumping engines Burning hard loose and clean And on I burn Turning my direction Quench my thirst with gasoline So gimme fuel Gimme fire Gimme that which I desire Yeah-he-ah White knuckle tight! Gimmie fuel... on I burn on and on Gimmie fire... on I burn on and on My desire... Oh on I burn Fuel is pumping engines Burning hard loose and clean And I burn Turning my direction Quench my thirst with gasoline Gimme fuel Gimme fire Gimme that which I desire Ooh On I burn!"
reload, 2, The Memory Remains, "Fortune fame Mirror vain Gone insane But the memory remains Heavy rings on fingers wave Another star denies the grave See the nowhere crowd Cry the nowhere tears of honor Like twisted vines that grow Hide and swallow mansions whole And dim the light of an already faded prima donna Fortune fame Mirror vain Gone insane. Fortune fame Mirror vain Gone insane. But the memory remains Heavy rings hold cigarettes Up to lips that time forgets While the Hollywood sun sets behind your back And can't the band play on? Just listen they play my song Ash to ash Dust to dust Fade to black Fortune fame Mirror vain Gone insane (insane) Fortune fame Mirror vain Gone insane. Dance little tin goddess Na-na-na Drift away Fade away Little tin goddess Ash to ash Dust to dust Fade to black Fortune fame Mirror vain Gone insane (insane) Fortune fame Mirror vain Gone insane. But the memory remains Ash to ash (ash to ash) Dust to dust (dust to dust) Fade to black (fade to black) But the memory remains Yeah To this faded prima donna yeah Yeah Dance little tin goddess dance Na-na-na-na na-na-na na-na-na-na-na Say Yes. At least say Hello"
reload, 3, Devil's Dance, "Yeah I feel you too Feel those things you do In your eyes I see a fire that burns To free the you That's wanting through Deep inside you know The seeds I plant will grow One day you will see And dare to come down to me Yeah c'mon c'mon now take the chance That's right Lets dance Snake I am the snake Tempting that bite you take Let me make your mind leave yourself behind Be not afraid I've got what you need hunger I will feed One day you will see And dare to come down to me Yeah c'mon c'mon now take the chance That's right Lets dance Yeah Come dancin' One day you will see And dare to come down to me Yeah c'mon c'mon now take the chance That's right Lets dance Yeah I feel you too Feel those things you do In your eyes I see a fire that burns To free the you That's running through Deep inside you know seeds I plant will grow One day you will see And dare to come down to me Yeah c'mon c'mon now take the chance That's right Let's dance! It's nice to see you here"
reload, 4, The Unforgiven II, "Lay beside me tell me what they've done Speak the words I wanna hear to make my demons run The door is locked now but it's open if you're true If you can understand the me than I can understand the you Lay beside me under wicked sky The black of day dark of night we share this paralyze The door cracks open but there's no sun shining through Black heart scarring darker still but there's no sun shining through No there's no sun shining through No there's no sun shining... What I've felt what I've known Turn the pages turn the stone Behind the door should I open it for you.... What I've felt what I've known Sick and tired I stand alone Could you be there 'cause I'm the one who waits for you Or are you unforgiven too? Come lay beside me this won't hurt I swear She loves me not she loves me still but she'll never love again She lay beside me but she'll be there when I'm gone Black heart scarring darker still yes she'll be there when I'm gone Yes she'll be there when I'm gone Dead sure she'll be there... What I've felt what I've known Turn the pages turn the stone Behind the door should I open it for you.... What I've felt what I've known Sick and tired I stand alone Could you be there 'cause I'm the one who waits for you Or are you unforgiven too? Lay beside me tell me what I've done The door is closed so are your eyes But now I see the sun now I see the sun Yes now I see it What I've felt what I've known Turn the pages turn the stone Behind the door should I open it for you.... What I've felt what I've known So sick and tired I stand alone Could you be there 'cause I'm the one who waits The one who waits for you.... Oh what I've felt what I've known Turn the pages turn the stone Behind the door should I open it for you.... (So I dub thee unforgiven....) Oh what I've felt.... Oh what I've known.... I take this key (never free...) And I bury it (never me...) in you Because you're unforgiven too.... Never free.... Never me.... 'Cause you're unforgiven too.... Oh"
reload, 5, Better Than You, "I look at you then you me Hungry and thirsty are we Holding the lion's share Holding the key Holding me back 'cause I'm striving to be Better than you Better than you [Jason] Better than you Better than you [Jason] Lock horns I push and I strive Some how I feel more alive Bury the need for it Bury the seed Bury me deep when there's no will to be Better than you Better than you [Jason] Better than you Better than you [Jason] Oh can't stop this train from rollin' Oh nothing brings me down No can't stop this train from rollin' no no no no no No no forever only no... Oh can't stop this train from rollin' Oh you can't take it down No never stop this locomotion no no no no no no No you can't bring it down 'cause I'm Better Than You Better Than You [Jason] Better Than You Better Than You [Jason] Oooh Better Than You Better Than You [Jason] Better Than You Better Than You [Jason] Much Better Than You Better Than You Better Than You [Jason] Oh Better Than You Better Than You [Jason] Better Than You Better Than You [Jason] Better Than Better Than Better Than Better Than You Can't stop this train from rollin' Forever on and on and on Forever on and on on Better Than You Yeah Better Than You"
reload, 6, Slither, "Don't go looking for snakes you might find them Don't send your eyes to the sun you might blind them Haven't I seen you here before ? Ohhh watch the puppets dancin' Yeah see the clowns fall down Hey tie your tap shoes tightly Yeah and wear them into town See you crawlin'... See you crawlin' in... Don't go looking for snakes you might find them Don't send your eyes to the sun you might blind them Haven't I seen you here before ? There ain't no heroes here...no....no more Hey hey hey Oooh play the game so nicely Oh check its your move now Yeah we're standing in this jungle Yeah with serpents I have found See you crawlin'... See you crawlin' in... Don't go looking for snakes you might find them Don't send your eyes to the sun you might blind them Haven't I seen you here before ? Have your heroes disappeared? See you crawlin'.... See you crawlin' in.... So don't go looking for snakes you might find them Don't send your eyes to the sun you might blind them Haven't I seen you here before ? No there ain't no heroes here.......no no Haven't I seen you here before ? No there ain't no heroes here. Don't go looking for snakes you might find them... Haven't I seen you here before? Have your heroes disappeared? Don't send your eyes to the sun you might blind them..."
reload, 7, Carpe Diem Baby, "Hit dirt Shake tree Split sky Part sea Strip smile Lose cool Bleed the day And break the rule Live win Dare fail Eat the dirt And bite the nail Then make me miss you... Then make me miss you... So wash your face away with dirt It don't feel good until it hurts So take this world and shake it Come squeeze and suck the day Come carpe diem baby Draw Lead Piss wine Sink teeth All mine Stoke fire Break neck Suffer through this Cheat on death Hug the curve Lose the time Tear the map And shoot the sign Then make me miss you... Then make me miss you... So wash your face away with dirt It don't feel good until it hurts So take this world and shake it Come squeeze and suck the day Come carpe diem baby Yeah Suck it! Live win Dare fail Eat dirt Bite the nail Strip smile Lose cool Bleed the day And break the rule Hug the curve Lose the time Tear the map And shoot the sign Then make me miss you... (Come on Come on) Then make me miss you... So wash your face away with dirt It don't feel good until it hurts So take this world and shake it Come squeeze and suck the day Come make me miss you... Come carpe diem baby Come carpe diem baby"
reload, 8, Bad Seed, "Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Ooooohhhh Yeah Bad Yeah Come clean 'fess up Tell all spill gut Off the veil stand revealed Show the cards Bring it on Break the seal (Ladies and Gentleman step right up and see the man who told the truth) Swing the noose again Peirce the apple skin You bit more than you need Now you're choking On a bad seed On a bad seed Ahhh choking Let on load off Confess cast off At the mercy the cat is out Drop the disguise Spit it up Spit it out (And now what you've all been waiting for I give you He Who Suffers The Truth) Swing the noose again Peirce the apple skin Yeah you bit more than you need Now you're chokin' On the bad seed Chokin' on the bad seed Yeah Off the vieil Stand revealed Bring it on Break the Seal At the mercy Cat is out Spit it up Spit it out Spit it up Spit it out Spit it out NOW At the mercy (Swing the noose again Peirce the apple skin you bit more than you need choking on the seed) Swing the noose again Peirce the apple skin Yeah you bit more than you need Ohhh you're chokin' on a Chokin' chokin' chokin' on a bad seed Chokin' on a bad seed Yeah Off the vieil Stand revealed Bring it on Break the Seal At the mercy Cat is out Spit it up Spit it out Spit it up Spit it out Spit it out NOW"
reload, 9, Where The Wild Things Are, "So wake up sleepy one... It's time to save your world... Steal dreams and give to you Shoplift a thought or two All children touch the sun Burn fingers one by one by one... Will this earth be good to you Keep you clean or stain through.... So wake up sleepy one... It's time to save your world... You're where the wild things are... Yeah toy soldiers off to war... Big eyes to open soon Believing all under sun and moon But does heaven know you're here? And did they give you smiles or tears? No no tears Will this earth be good to you? Keep you clean or stain through.... So wake up sleepy one... It's time to save your world... You're where the wild things are... Yeah toy soldiers off to war... You swing your rattle down Call to arms the trumpets sound Toy horses start the charge Robots chessmen standing guard We Shall Never Surrender!!!! Hand puppets storm the base Flags up now cannons rage Hand puppets storm the base Flags up now cannons rage All clowns head for the rear Slingshots fire to the air All clowns head for the rear Slingshots fire to the air Slip into the edge of death Crossfire to the marionettes Slip into the edge of death Crossfire to the marionettes We Shall Never Surrender!!!! All children touch the sun Burn your fingers one by one Will this earth be good to you? Keep you clean or stain through.... So wake up sleepy one... It's time to save your world... You're where the wild things are... Yeah toy soldiers off to war... So close your little eyes..."
reload, 10, Prince Charming, "It's a black cloud over head That's me And the poison ivy chokes the tree Again it's me I'm the filthy one on Bourbon Street You walk on by I'm the little boy that pushes hard And makes him cry There's a dirty needle in your child Ha ha stick me An empty bottles still in hand still dead Still me I'm the suit and tie that bleeds the street And still wants more I'm the 45 that's in your mouth I'm a dirty dirty whore Yeah look it's me The one who can't be free Much too young to focus But to old to see Hey look it's me What no one wants to see See what you brought this world Just what you want you want to see Hey ma hey ma look it's me Yeah he wants to become father now Me again me The marks inside your arms spell me Spell only me I'm a nothing face that plants the bomb And stroles away I'm the one who doesn't look quite right As children play Yeah look it's me The one who can't be free Much too young to focus But to old to see Hey look it's me What no one wants to see See what you brought this world Just what you want you want to see Hey ma hey ma look it's me It's me... Look up to me What to be and what to fear Look up to me Look it's me at what you hear See right through me See the one who can't be free See right through me Look it's me what no one wants to see Hmmm now see the black cloud up ahead that's me And this poison ivy chokes the tree Again it's me And I'm the filthy one on Bourbon Street You walk on by I'm the little boy that pushes pushes Makes him cry Yeah look it's me The one who can't be free Much too young to focus But to old to see Hey hey look it's me What no one wants to see See what you brought this world Just what you want you want to see Hey ma hey ma look it's me Hey ma hey ma look it's me"
reload, 11, Low Man's Lyric, "My eyes seek reality My fingers seek my veins Theres a dog at your back step He must come in from the rain I fall cause I let go The net below has rot away So my eyes seek reality And my fingers seek my veins The trash fire is warm But nowhere safe from the storm And I can't bare to see What I've let me be So wicked and worn So as I write to you Of what is done and to do Maybe you'll understand And won't cry for this man 'Cause low man is due Please forgive me My eyes seek reality My fingers feel for faith Touch clean with a dirty hand I touched the clean to the waste The trash fire is warm But nowhere safe from the storm And I can't bare to see What I've let me be So wicked and worn So as I write to you Of what is done and to do Maybe you'll understand And won't cry for this man 'Cause low man is due Please forgive me Please forgive me Please forgive me So low the sky is all I see All I want from you is forgive me So you bring this poor dog in from the rain Though he just wants right back out again And I cry to the alley way Confess all to the rain But I lie lie straight to the mirror The one I've broken to match my face The trash fire is warm But nowhere safe from the storm And I can't bare to see What I've let me be So wicked and worn So as I write to you (yeah) Of what is done and to do (yeah) Maybe you'll understand And won't cry for this man 'Cause low man is due Please forgive me Please forgive me So low the sky is all I see All I want from you is forgive me So you bring this poor dog in from the rain Though he just wants right back out again My eyes seek reality My fingers seek my veins"
reload, 12, Attitude, "Suppose I say I'm never satisfied Suppose I say You cut some root To make the tree survive Just let me kill you for a while Just let me kill you for a smile Just let me kill you once I'm oh so bored to death Ohhhh I hunger I hunger I eat Born Into Attitude Asleep at the wheel Throw all your bullets in the fire And run like hell Why cure the fever? What ever happened to sweat? Suppose I say the vultures smile at me Suppose I say I've sent them down And they plan to pick you clean And satifaction this way comes And satifaction this way comes And satifaction's here and gone gone Yeah gone again Oooh I hunger Ooh I hunger I eat Born Into Attitude Asleep at the wheel Throw all your bullets in the fire And stand there Born Into Attitude Twist mother tongue Throw all your bullets in the fire And run like hell Why cure the fever? What ever happened to sweat? Just let me kill you for a while Just let me kill you for a smile Just let me kill you once for me I'm bored to death And satifaction this way comes And satifaction this way comes And satifaction's here and gone gone gone again Yeah I hunger Oooh I hunger I eat Born Into Attitude Asleep at the wheel Throw all your bullets in the fire And stand there Born Into Attitude Twist mother tongue Throwing all your bullets in the fire And run like hell Why cure the fever? What ever happened to sweat?"
reload, 13, Fixxxer, "Dolls of voodoo all stuck with pins One for each of us and our sins So you lay us in a line Push your pins they make us humble Only you can tell in time If we fall or mearly stumble But tell me Can you heal what father's done? Or fix this hole in mother's son? Can you heal the broken worlds within? Can you strip away so we may start again? Tell me Can you heal what father's done? Or cut this rope and let us run? Just when all seems fine And I'm pain free You jab another pin Jab another pin in me Mirror mirror upon the wall Break the spell or become the doll See you sharpening the pins So the holes will remind us We're just the toys in the hands of another And in time the needles turn from shine to rust But tell me Can you heal what father's done? Or fix this hole in mother's son? Can you heal the broken worlds within? Can you strip away so we may start again? Tell me Can you heal what father's done? Or cut this rope and let us run? Just when all seems fine And I'm pain free You jab another pin Jab another pin in me Jab it Here come the pins Blood for face Sweat for dirt Three X's for the stone To break this curse A ritual's due I believe I'm not alone Shell of shotgun Pint of gin Numb us up to shield the pins Renew our faith Which way we can To fall in love with life again To fall in love with life again To fall in love with life again To fall in love To fall in love To fall in love with life again So tell me Can you heal what father's done? Or fix this hole in mother's son? Can you heal the broken worlds within? Can you strip away so we may start again? Tell me Can you heal what father's done? Or cut this rope and let us run? Just when all seems fine And I'm pain free You jab another pin Jab another pin in me No more pins in me No more no more pins in me No more no more pins in me No more no more no more No no no"
