eps-1, I Disappear, "Hey hey hey Here I go now Here I go into new days Hey hey hey Here I go now Here I go into new days I'm pain I'm hope I'm suffer Yeah hey hey hey yeah yeah Here I go into new days Hey hey hey Ain't no mercy Ain't no mercy there for me Hey hey hey Ain't no mercy Ain't no mercy there for me I'm pain I'm hope I'm suffer Yeah yeah hey hey no mercy Ain't no mercy there for me Do you bury me when I'm gone? Do you teach me while I'm here? Just as soon as I belong Then it's time I disappear Hey-yeah Hey hey hey And I went And I went on down that road Hey hey hey And I went on And I went on down that road I'm pain I'm hope I'm suffer Hey hey hey yeah and I went on And I went on down that road Do you bury me when I'm gone? Do you teach me while I'm here? Just as soon as I belong Then it's time I disappear Do you bury me when I'm gone? Do you teach me while I'm here? Just as soon as I belong Then it's time I disappear Disappear I'm gone I'm gone I'm gone Oh yeah I'm gone I'm gone I'm gone baby I'm gone I'm gone Do you bury me when I'm gone? Do you teach me while I'm here? Just as soon as I belong Then it's time I disappear Do you bury me when I'm gone? Do you teach me while I'm here? Just as soon as I belong Then it's time I disappear Disappear"
eps-2, Human, "Don't you leave me Father Time Take me with you Tell me does your sun still shine Come squeeze the world and drip it down my throat...oh yeah Down my throat again....woooah You got to breathe man breathe! Coming up for Air Breathe man breathe! Coming up for Air Touch me so I think I'm here Skin my senses Barely breathing Minus Human Please squeeze the world and drip it down my throat again Down my throat again.....woooah You got to breathe man breathe! Coming up for Air Breathe man breathe! Coming up for Air You got to breathe man breathe! Coming up for Air Breathe man breathe! Coming up for!"
eps-3, No Leaf Clover, "And it feels right this time On this crash course with the big time Pay no mind to the distant thunder New day fills his head with wonder boy.... Says it feels right this time Turned it 'round and found the right line Good day to be alive Sir Good day to be alive he said..... Then it comes to be that the soothing light at the end of your tunnel Is just a freight train coming your way Then it comes to be that the soothing light at the end of your tunnel Is just the freight train coming your way Don't it feel right like this All the pieces fall to his wish Sucker for that quick reward boy Sucker for that quick reward they said..... Then it comes to be that the soothing light at the end of your tunnel Is just a freight train coming your way Then it comes to be that the soothing light at the end of your tunnel Is just the freight train coming your way...... It's coming your way It's coming your way...... Here comes Yeah Then it comes to be that the soothing light at the end of your tunnel Is just a freight train coming your way.... Yeah... Then it comes to be Yeah... Then it comes to be Yeah... Then it comes to be Yeah... Then it comes to be Yeah... Then it comes to be Yeah... Then it comes to be Yeah... Then it comes to be Yeah... Then it comes to be Yeah"
