st-anger, 1, Frantic, "If I could have my wasted days back Would I use them to get back on track? Stop to warm at Karma's burning Or look ahead but keep on turning? Do I have the strength To know how I'll go? Can I find it inside To deal with what I shouldn't know? Could I have my wasted days back Would I use them to get back on track? You live it or lie it! My lifestyle determines my death style Keep searching Keep on searching This search goes on This search goes on Frantic tick tick tick tick tick tick tock Frantic tick tick tick tick tick tick tock I've worn out always being afraid An endless stream of fear that I've made Treading water full of worry This frantic tick tick talk of hurry Do I have the strength To know how I'll go? Can I find inside To deal with what I shouldn't know? Worn out always being afraid An endless stream of fear that I've made You live it or lie it! My lifestyle determines my death style Keep searching Keep on searching This search goes on This search goes on Frantic tick tick tick tick tick tick tock Frantic tick tick tick tick tick tick tock My lifestyle (Birth Is Pain) Determines my death style (Life Is Pain) A rising tide (Death Is Pain) That pushes to the other side (It's All The Same)"
st-anger, 2, St. Anger, "Saint Anger 'round my neck Saint Anger 'round my neck He never gets respect Saint Anger 'round my neck You flush it out You flush it out Saint Anger 'round my neck You flush it out You flush it out He never gets respect Fuck it all and no regrets I hit the lights on these dark sets I need a voice to let myself To let myself go free Fuck it all and fuckin' no regrets I hit the lights on these dark sets Medallion noose I hang myself Saint Anger 'round my neck I feel my world shake Like an earth quake Hard to see clear Is it me? Is it fear? I'm madly in anger with you Saint Anger 'round my neck Saint Anger 'round my neck He never gets respect Saint Anger 'round my neck You flush it out You flush it out Saint Anger 'round my neck You flush it out You flush it out He never gets respect Fuck it all and no regrets I hit the lights on these dark sets I need a voice to let myself To let myself go free Fuck it all and fuckin' no regrets I hit the lights on these dark sets Medallion noose I hang myself Saint Anger 'round my neck I feel my world shake Like an earth quake Hard to see clear Is it me? Is it fear? I'm madly in anger with you And I want my anger to be healthy And I want my anger just for me And I need my anger not to control me And I want my anger to be me And I need to set my anger free Set it free! Fuck it all and no regrets I hit the lights on these dark sets I need a voice to let myself To let myself go free Fuck it all and fuckin' no regrets I hit the lights on these dark sets Medallion noose I hang myself Saint Anger 'round my neck I feel my world shake Like an earth quake Hard to see clear Is it me? Is it fear? I'm madly in anger with you"
st-anger, 3, Some Kind Of Monster, "These are the eyes that can't see me These are the hands that drop your trust These are the boot s that kick you around This is the tongue that speaks on the inside These are the ears that ring with hate This is the face that I'll never change This is the fist that grinds you down This is the voice of silence no more These are the legs in circles run This is the beating you'll never know These are the lips that taste no freedom This is the feel that's not safe This is the face you'll never change This is the god that ain't so pure This is the god that is not pure This is the voice of silence no more We the people Are we the people? Some kind of monster The monster lives This is the face that stones you cold This is the moment that needs to breathe These are the claws that scratch these wounds This is the pain that never leaves This is the tongue that whips you down This is the burden of every man These are the screams that pierce your skin This is the voice of silence no more This is the test of flesh and soul This is the trap that smells so good This is the flood that drains these eyes These are the looks that chill to the bone These are the fears that swing over head These are the weights that hold you down This is the end that will never end This is the voice of silence no more We the people Are we the people? Some kind of monster The monster lives This is the cloud that swallows trust This is the black that uncolors us This is the face that you hide from This is the mask that comes undone Ominous I'm in us"
st-anger, 4, Dirty Window, "I see my reflection in the window It looks different so different than what you see Projecting Judgement on the world This house is clean baby This house is clean Am I who I think I am? Am I who I think I am? Am I who I think I am? Look out my window and see it's gone wrong Court is in session and I slam my gavel down I'm judge and I'm jury and I'm executioner too Projector Protector Rejector Infector Projector Infrector Injector Defector Rejector I see my reflection in the window This window clean inside dirty on the out I'm looking different than me This house is clean baby This house is clean Am I who I think I am? Am I who I think I am? Am I who I think I am? Look out my window and see it's gone wrong Court is in session and I slam my gavel down I'm judge and I'm jury and I'm executioner too Projector Protector Rejector Infector Projector Infrector Injector Defector Rejector I drink from the cup of denial I'm judging the world from my throne I drink from the cup of denial I'm judging the world from my throne"
st-anger, 5, Invisible Kid, "Invisible kid Never see what he did Got stuck where he hid Fallen through the grid Invisible kid Got a place of his own Where he'll never be known Inward he's grown Invisible kid Locked away in his brain From the shame and the pain World down the drain Invisible kid Suspicious of your touch Don't want no crutch But it's all too much I hide inside I hurt inside I hide inside bull I'll show you... I'm OK just go away Into distance let me fade I'm OK just go away I'm OK but please don't stray too far Open your heart I'm beating right here Open your mind I'm beating right here Open your heart I'm beating right here Open your mind I'm beating right here Ooh what a good boy you are Out of the way and you're kept to yourself Ooh can't you see that he's not here He doesn't want the attention you give Ooh unplugging from it all Invisible kid floats alone in his room Ooh what a quiet boy you are He looks so calm floating 'round and around himself"
st-anger, 6, My World, "The motherfuckers got in my head Trying to make me someone else instead It's my world now Mama why's it rainin' in my room Cheer up boy clouds will move on soon Heavy fog got me lost inside Gonna sit right back and enjoy this ride It's my world now You can't have it It's my world It's my world It's my world I'm out of my head out of my head Get 'em out of my head out of my head Get 'em out Who's in charge of my head today Dancin' devils in angels way It's my time now Look out motherfuckers here I come Gonna make my head home The sons of bitches tried to take my head Tried to make me someone else instead It's my world now You can't have it It's my world It's my world It's my world I'm out of my head out of my head Get 'em out of my head out of my head Get 'em out Not only do I not know the answer I don't even know what the question is God it feels like it only rains on me Not only do I not know the answer I don't even know what the question is I'm out of my head out of my head Get 'em out of my head out of my head Get 'em out Enough's enough"
st-anger, 7, Shoot Me Again, "I won't go away Right here I'll stay Stand silent in flames Stand tall 'till it fades Shoot me again I ain't dead yet Shoot me again All these shots I take I spit back at you All the shit you fake Comes back to haunt you All the shots All the shots I take What difference did I make? All the shots I take I spit back at you I won't go away with a bullet in my back Right here I'll stay with a bullet in my back Shoot me take a shot I'll stand on my own with a bullet in my back I'm stranded and sold with a bullet in my back I bite my tongue Trying not to shoot back No compromise My heart won't pump the other way Wake the sleeping giant Wake the beast Wake the sleeping dog No Let him sleep"
st-anger, 8, Sweet Amber, "Wash your back so you won't stab mine Get in bed with your own kind Live your life so you don't see mine Drape your back so you won't shine Oh then she holds my hand And I lie to get a smile Using what I want To get what you want Oh Sweet Amber How sweet are you? How sweet does it get? How sweet are you? How sweet does it get? Chase the rabbit fetch the stick She rolls me over 'til I'm sick She deals in habits deals in pain I run away but I'm back again Oh then she holds my hand And I lie to get a smile And she squeezes tighter I still lie to get a smile Using what I want To get what you want Oh Sweet Amber How sweet are you? How sweet does it get? How sweet are you? How sweet does it get? She holds the pen that spells the end She traces me and draws me in Ooh Sweet Amber Ooh Sweet Amber How sweet are you? How sweet does it get? How sweet are you? How sweet does it get? (It's never as sweet as it seems)"
st-anger, 9, Unnamed Feeling, "Been here before Been here before couldn't say I liked it Do I start writing this down? Just let me plug you into my world Can't you help me be uncrazy? Name this for me heat the cold air Take the chill off of my life And if I could I'd turn my eyes To look inside and see what's comin' It comes alive It comes alive It comes alive And I die a little more It comes alive It comes alive It comes alive Each moment here I die a little more Then the unnamed feeling It comes alive The the unnamed feeling Takes me away I'm frantic in your soothing arms I can not sleep in this down filled world I've found safety in this loneliness But I can not stand it anymore Cross my heart hope not to die Swallow evil ride the sky Lose myself in a crowded room You fool you fool it will be here soon It comes alive It comes alive It comes alive And I die a little more It comes alive It comes alive It comes A-live Each moment And I die a little more Then the unnamed feeling It comes alive The the unnamed feeling Treats me this way And I wait for this train Toes over the line And then the unnamed feeling Takes me away Get the fuck out of here I just wanna get the fuck away from Me I rage I glaze I hurt I hate I hate it all why? Why? Why me? I cannot sleep with a head like this I wanna cry I wanna scream I rage I glaze I hurt I hate I wanna hate it all away"
st-anger, 10, Purify, "Tear it down Strip the layers off My turpentine Old paint old looks Cover up the past White heat white light Super white bones Bones of you and I Pure if I... can't you help me? Pure if I... won't you help me? Purify you and I Purify you and I Pure if I... can't you help me? Pure if I... won't you help me? Purify you and I Purify you and I Truth and dare Peeling back the skin Acid wash Ghost white Ultra clean Wanna be skeleton Clear eyes Diamond eyes Strip the past of mine My sweet turpentine I can find the dirt on anything I can find the dirt on anything I ain't dancing with your skeletons I ain't dancing with what might have been"
st-anger, 11, All Within My Hands, "All within my hands Squeeze it in crush it down All within my hands Hold it dear hold it suffocate All within my hands Love to death smack you 'round and 'round and All within my hands Beware Love is control I'll die if I let go Hate me now Kill all within my hands Hate me now Crush all within my hands Squeeze all within my hands Choke all within my hands Hate me now Trap all within my hands Hurry up and hate me now Kill all within my hands All within my hands Take your fear pump me up All within my hands Let you run then I pull your leash All within my hands Under thumb under to myself All within my hands Beware Hate me now Kill all within my hands Hate me now Crush all within my hands Squeeze all within my hands Choke all within my hands Hate me now Trap all within my hands Hurry up and hate me now Kill all within my hands again I'll die if I let go Control is love love is control I'll die if I let go Control is love love is control I will only let you breath My air that you receive Then we'll see if I let you love me Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill"
