death-magnetic, 1, That Was Just Your Life, "Like a siren in my head that always threatens to repeat Like a blind man that is strapped into the speeding driver's seat Like a face that learns to speak when all it knew was how to bite Like a misery that keeps me focused though I've gone astray Like an endless nightmare that I must awaken from each day. Like conviction A premonition Not worthy of so I deny... I deny. I blind my eyes and try to force it all into place I stitch them up see not my fall from grace. I blind my eyes I hide and feel it passing me by I open just in time to say goodbye. Almost like your life Almost like your endless fight Curse the day is long Realize you don't belong Disconnect somehow Never stop the bleeding now Almost like your fight And there it went Almost like your life. Like a wound that keeps on bleeding to remind me not to think Like a raging river drowning when I only need a drink Like a poison that I swallow but I want the world to die. Like a release from a prison that I didn't know I was in Like a fight to live the past I prayed to leave from way back then Like a general without a mission until the war will start again Start again. Like a touch from hell to feel how hot That it can get if you get caught Like a strike from heaven turns that key And brings you straight down to your knees Like a touch from hell to feel how hot That it can get if I get caught Like a strike from heaven to reprieve That brings you straight down to your knees. That was just your life."
death-magnetic, 2, The End Of The Line, "Need more and more Tainted misery Bleed battle scars Chemical affinity Reign legacy Innocence corrode Stain rot away Catatonic overload Choke asphyxia Snuff reality Scorch kill the light Incinerate celebrity Reaper butchery Karma amputee Bloodline redefined Death contagious deity Hooked into this deceiver Need more and more Into the endless fever Need more and more New consequence machine You burn through all your gasoline Asylum overtime never mind You've reached the end of the line Time choke the clock Steal another day Die faithfully Narcissistic fade away Twisted jumped the rail Shatter the crowd below Breaker chase the ghost From latest high to all-time low Drop the hourglass of time Spilling sand we will not find As we gather here today We bid farewell The slave becomes the master The slave becomes the master The slave becomes the master Need more and more Right now and ever after Need more and more New consequence machine You burn into through all your gasoline Asylum overtime never mind Dead hourglass of time Sand we will not ever find We gather here today to say goodbye 'Cause you've reached the end of the line The end of the line The end of the line The end of the line You've reached the end of the line"
death-magnetic, 3, Broken  Beat & Scarred, "You rise you fall you're down then you rise again What don't kill you makes you more strong You rise you fall you're down then you rise again What don't kill you makes you more strong Rise fall down rise again What don't kill you makes you more strong Rise fall down rise again What don't kill you makes you more strong Through black days Through black nights Through pitch black insights Breaking your teeth on the hard life coming Show your scars Cutting your feet on the hard earth running Show your scars Breaking your life broken beat and scarred But we die hard The dawn the death the fight to the final breath What don't kill you makes you more strong The dawn the death the fight to the final breath What don't kill you makes you more strong Dawn death fight final breath What don't kill you makes you more strong Dawn death fight final breath What don't kill you makes you more strong They scratch me They scrape me They cut and rape me Breaking your teeth on the hard life coming Show your scars Cutting your feet on the hard earth running Show your scars Bleeding your soul in a hard luck story Show your scars Spilling your blood in the hot sun's glory Show your scars Breaking your life broken beat and scarred We die hard"
death-magnetic, 4, The Day That Never Comes, "Born to push you around Better just stay down You pull away He hits the flesh You hit the ground Mouth's so full of lies Tend to black your eyes Just keep them closed Keep praying Just keep waiting Waiting for the one The day that never comes When you stand up and feel the warmth But the sunshine never comes no… No the sunshine never comes Push you ‘cross that line Just stay down this time Hide in yourself Crawl in yourself You'll have your time God I'll make them pay Take it back one day I'll end this day I'll splatter color on this grey Waiting for the one The day that never comes When you stand up and feel the warmth But the sunshine never comes. Love is a four letter word And never spoken here Love is a four letter word Here in this prison I suffer this no longer I put an end to... This I swear! This I swear! The sun will shine This I swear! This I swear! This I swear!"
death-magnetic, 5, All Nightmare Long, "One two Luck. Runs. Out. Crawl from the wreckage one more time Horrific memory twists the mind Dark rugged cold and hard to turn Path of destruction feel it burn Still life incarnation Still life infamy Hallucination Heresy Still you run what's to come? What's to be? 'cause we hunt you down without mercy Hunt you down all nightmare long Feel us breathe upon your face Feel us shift every move we trace Hunt you down without mercy Hunt you down all nightmare long yeah Luck runs out You crawl back in But your luck runs out One two Luck. Runs. Out. The light that is not light is here To flush you out with your own fear You hide you hide but will be found Release your grip without a sound Still life immolation Still life infamy Hallucination Heresy Still you run what's to come? What's to be? One two three four Then you crawl back in Into your obsession Never to return This is your confession Hunt you down without mercy Hunt you down all nightmare long Feel us breathe upon your face Feel us shift every move we trace Hunt you down without mercy Hunt you down all nightmare long yeah Luck runs out You crawl back in But your luck runs out Your luck runs out"
death-magnetic, 6, Cyanide, "Sleep and dream of this Death angel's kiss Brings final bliss Completely Empty they say Death won't you let me stay? Empty they say Death hear me call your name Call your name! Suicide I've already died You're just the funeral I've been waiting for Cyanide living dead inside Break this empty shell forevermore Wait wait patiently Your death-black wings Unfolding sleep Spreading over me Say is that rain or are they tears? That has stained your concrete face for years The crying weeping shedding strife Year after year life after life An air of freshly broken ground A concrete angel laid right down Upon the grave which swallows fast It's peace at last oh peace at last Forevermore! Forevermore! It's just the funeral I've been waiting for!"
death-magnetic, 7, The Unforgiven III, "How could he know this new dawn's light Would change his life forever? Set sail to sea but pulled off course By the light of golden treasure Was he the one causing pain With his careless dreaming? Been afraid always afraid Of the things he's feeling He could just be gone He would just sail on He'll just sail on How can I be lost If I've got nowhere to go? Searched for seas of gold How come it's got so cold? How can I be lost? In remembrance I relive How can I blame you When it's me I can't forgive? These days drift on inside a fog It's thick and suffocating This sinking life outside its hell Inside intoxicating He's run aground like his life Water's much too shallow Slipping fast down with the ship Fading in the shadows now Now a castaway They've all gone away. They've gone away. Forgive me forgive me not Forgive me forgive me not Forgive me forgive me not Forgive me forgive me Why can't I forgive me? Set sail to sea but pulled off course By the light of golden treasure How could he know this new dawn's light Would change his life forever?"
death-magnetic, 8, The Judas Kiss, "When the world has turned its back When the days have turned pitch black When the fear abducts your tongue When the fire's dead and gone So what now? Where go I? When you think it's all said and done... When you are the ostracized Selfish written dead goodbyes Twisting on the tourniquet When the pieces never fit So what now? Where go I? When you think it's all said and done... Bow down Sell your soul to me I will set you free Pacify your demons Bow down Surrender unto me Submit infectiously Sanctify your demons Into abyss You don't exist Cannot resist the Judas kiss When the storm has blacked your sky Intuition crucify When the ego strips your reign Assassinate the living flame So what now? Where go I? When you think it's all said and done Venom of a life insane Flies into your fragile vein Internalize and decimate Patronize and complicate So what now? Where go I? When you think it's all said and done Judas lives recite this vow I've become your new god now Followed you from dawn of time Whispered thoughts into your mind Watched your towers hit the ground Lured the children never found Helped your kings abuse their crown In the heart of feeble man Plant the seeds of my own plan The strong and powerful will fall Find a piece of me in all Inside you all so..."
death-magnetic, 10, My Apocalypse, "Claustrophobic Crawl out of this skin Heart explosive Reaching pull that pin Feel thy name extermination Desecrate inhale the fire So we cross that line Into the grips Total eclipse Suffer unto my apocalypse! Deadly vision Prophecy reveal Death magnetic Pulling closer still Feel thy name annihilation Desolate inhale the fire So we cross that line Into the grips Total eclipse Suffer unto my apocalypse! My apocalypse... Go! Crushing metal ripping skin Tossing body mannequin Spilling blood bleeding gas Mangle flesh snapping spine Dripping bloody valentine Shatter face spitting glass Split apart Split apart Split apart Split Spit it out! What makes me drift a little bit closer? Dead man takes the steering wheel What makes me know it's time to cross over? Forced to repeat until I feel See through the skin the bones they all rattle Future and past they disagree Flesh falls away the bones they all shatter I start to see the end in me See the end in me... Claustrophobic Climb out of this skin Heart explosive Waiting for that pin Violate annihilate A loser to my eyes Obliterate exterminate At last accept deny Feel thy name as hell awakens Destiny inhale the fire But we cross that line Into the grips Total eclipse Suffer unto my apocalypse! Tyrants awaken my apocalypse! Demon awaken my apocalypse! Heaven awaken my apocalypse! Suffer forever my apocalypse!"
